Adding credential support. (#23104)
demisto/content: Packs/Axonius/ReleaseNotes/1_0_7.md

#### Integrations
##### Axonius

> Modifying the integration to support pulling an api-key and api-secret from credentials.
> Bumping the docker version to use our latest api client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Modifying the integration configuration params to use *API Key* and *API secret* instead of *ax_key* and *ax_secret*.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/axonius:1.0.0.40908*.
```
